---
title: "Unified and Stable Privacy Model."
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2019-11-18-privacy-3
excerpt: 'Mohamed Fayad, **Gaurav Kuppa**, and David Hamu'
date: 2019-11-18
venue: 'International Journal of Advanced Trends in Computer Science and Engineering'
author_profile: false
---
[ [Paper](/files/Privacy_Model.pdf) ]

## Abstract
In the information age, people can access any information
momentarily. With such power, internet providers and
technology companies bear the responsibility for securing
information as per the user’s granted permissions. This paper
will present a unified and stable pattern of privacy across all
domains and present a stable model for privacy for unlimited
applicability. The idea of this paper is to create stable
functional and nonfunctional requirements and design the
right to privacy to be used. While the functional
requirements determine the purpose and the technical details
of the system; nonfunctional requirements identify
conceptual criteria of an effective system. We employ
software stability model (SSM) versus the traditional model
(business as usual) to define these requirements. We then
employ a weighted study will then to compare the functional
and non-functional requirements of privacy. The findings of
this work are that (1) the Stable Privacy Model can be
applied to all conceivable scenarios whereas the traditional
model (TM) is limited to a single-use model that cannot be
repurposed. Additionally, (2) the paper establishes the true
functional and nonfunctional requirements of Privacy, and
(3) creates a stable pattern language with unification,
reusability, and unlimited applicability.

## Cite Our Paper
```
@article{article,
    author = {Fayad, Mohamed and Kuppa, Gaurav and Hamu, David},
    year = {2019},
    month = {09},
    pages = {515-521},
    title = {Unified and Stable Privacy Model},
    volume = {8},
    journal = {International Journal of Advanced Trends in Computer Science and Engineering},
    doi = {10.30534/ijatcse/2019/8081.42019}
}
```